[New Post] See where donors are coming from / Donation UTM params (#59)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/track-donation-source/post.mdx

import post, { Author, Preview } from '@/components/Post'

export default post({
    title: '🔍 Track where donors are coming from',
    slug: 'track-donation-source',
    category: 'new',
    authors: ['ian'],
    cover: donationReferrerInformation,
    date: new Date('2025-1-29')
})

import donationReferrerInformation from "./donationReferrerInformation.png";

> HCB's donation page is a great way to raise money for your organization. With one click, you can share a link to your donation page on social media, in emails, or on your website. It's incredibly versatile, but how do you know which platforms work?

Author: ```suggestion
HCB's donation page is a great way to raise money for your organization. With one click, you can share a link to your donation page on social media, in emails, or on your website. It's incredibly versatile, but how do you know which platforms perform best?
```

> Starting today, you can track which website referred your donors, and, for more granular insights, the [UTM parameters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTM_parameters) of the link they clicked. This data is available on the transaction details page for all donations with referrer data.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting today, you can analyze which website referred your donors, and, for more granular insights, the [UTM parameters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTM_parameters) of the link they clicked. This data is available on the transaction details page for all donations with referrer data.
```

> Starting today, you can track which website referred your donors, and, for more granular insights, the [UTM parameters](https://www.spinutech.com/digital-marketing/analytics/conversion/what-are-utm-codes-utm-tracking-explained) of the link they clicked. This data is available on the transaction details page for all donations with referrer data.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting today, you can track which website referred your donors, and, for more granular insights, the [UTM parameters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTM_parameters) of the link they clicked. This data is available on the transaction details page for all donations with referrer data.
```
